warn about changing IWebHostEnvironment.WebRootPath /1 (#25471)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/fundamentals/static-files.md

* Place code files, including `.cs` and `.cshtml`, outside of the app project's [web root](xref:fundamentals/index#web-root). A logical separation is therefore created between the app's client-side content and server-based code. This prevents server-side code from being leaked.

## Serve files outside wwwroot by updating IWebHostEnvironment.WebRootPath

When [IWebHostEnvironment.WebRootPat](xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.IWebHostEnvironment.WebRootPath) is updated to folder other than `wwwroot`:

* In the development environment, static assets found in both `wwwroot` and the updated `IWebHostEnvironment.WebRootPath` are served from `wwwroot`.
* With any environment other than development, duplicate static assets are served from the updated `IWebHostEnvironment.WebRootPath` folder.

Consider a web app created with the empty web template:

> * Containing an *Index.html* file in *wwwroot* and *wwwroot-custom*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Containing an `Index.html` file in `wwwroot` and `wwwroot-custom`.
```

> * With and the following updated `Program.cs` file to set `WebRootPath = "wwwroot-custom"`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* With the following updated `Program.cs` file that sets `WebRootPath = "wwwroot-custom"`:
```

  [!code-csharp[](~/fundamentals/static-files/samples/6.x/WebRoot/Program.cs?name=snippet1)]

In the preceding code, requests to `/`:

* In the development environment return `wwwroot/Index.html`
* In any environment other than development return `wwwroot-custom/Index.html`

> Any of the following approaches can be used to ensure assets from `wwwroot-custom` are returned:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure assets from `wwwroot-custom` are returned, use one of the following approaches:
```

* Delete duplicate named assets in `wwwroot`.

> * Set `"ASPNETCORE_ENVIRONMENT"` in *Properties/launchSettings.json* to any value other than `"Development"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Set `"ASPNETCORE_ENVIRONMENT"` in `Properties/launchSettings.json` to any value other than `"Development"`.
```

* Completely disable static web assets by setting `<StaticWebAssetsEnabled>false</StaticWebAssetsEnabled>` in the project file. ***WARNING, disabling static web assets disables [Razor Class Libraries](xref:razor-pages/ui-class)***.
* Add the following JSON to the project file:

>   ```JSON

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ```xml
```
